[Doc] Update notes for H2O-VL and Gemma3 (#17219)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/source/models/supported_models.md

:::

:::{note}

> `h2oai/h2ovl-mississippi-2b` will be available in V1 once we support PagedAttention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`h2oai/h2ovl-mississippi-2b` will be available in V1 once we support head size 80.
```
I think we can be a bit explicit here - wdyt?

Author: Sure! I have also removed the outdated note about pan-and-scan for Gemma 3
